# dungeon

The main thing about this code is the framework of commands, actions,
and descriptions that can be combined in fairly simple ways to produce
reasonable output.

Below is a sample interaction with the game.

```

You are in a dusty entryway to a castle. In the center of the room is a
stone pedestal. On the pedestal is a ring of great power. By the door is
a TV tray. On the tray is a ham and cheese sandwich. There is an oaken
door to the east and a dank tunnel to the south.

> take ring

Okay, took the ring of great power.

> eat sandwich

Mmmm, tasty. But I think you got a spot of mustard on your tunic.

> go east

You are in what appears to be a kitchen. Against the wall is a wooden
table. On the table is a loaf of bread. There is a swinging door to the
east and an oaken door to the west.

> take bread

Okay, took the loaf of bread.

> go east

You are in a grand dining room with a crystal chandelier and tapestries
on the walls. Propped against a wall is a broadsword with a rusty iron
hilt. In the middle of the room is a pirate with a wooden leg and an eye
patch. On the right shoulder of the pirate is a green and blue parrot
with a tiny eye patch. There is a swinging door to the west. 'Arr,
matey!' says the pirate.

> take parrot

Can't take the parrot. 'Oi, ye swarthy dog! Hands off me parrot!' says
the pirate.

> drop bread

You drop the bread. The parrot flies down and starts eating the bread.

> look

You are in a grand dining room with a crystal chandelier and tapestries
on the walls. Propped against a wall is a broadsword with a rusty iron
hilt. On the floor is a loaf of bread. On the bread is a green and blue
parrot with a tiny eye patch. In the middle of the room is a pirate with
a wooden leg and an eye patch. There is a swinging door to the west.

> take parrot

Okay, took the green and blue parrot with a tiny eye patch.

> go west

You are in what appears to be a kitchen. Against the wall is a wooden
table. There is a swinging door to the east and an oaken door to the
west.

> go west

You are in a dusty entryway to a castle. In the center of the room is a
stone pedestal. By the door is a TV tray. There is an oaken door to the
east and a dank tunnel to the south.

> go south

You are in the lair of a horrible creature. On the floor is a heavy
dwarven axe. Across from you is a blobbyblob, a gelatenous mass with too
many eyes and an odor of jello casserole gone bad. There is a dank
tunnel to the north. The blobbyblob extrudes a blobby arm and smashes at
you! You take 3 hit points of damage. You take 3 hit points of damage.
You're down to 17.

> eat blobbyblob

Are you out of your mind?! This is a live and jiggling blobbyblob. The
blobbyblob extrudes a blobby arm and smashes at you! You take 3 hit
points of damage. You're down to 14.

> attack with ring

A sphere of light emanates from the ring blasting the blobbyblob to
smithereens. After 1000 points of damage, the blobbyblob is dead. Good
job, murderer.

> eat blobbyblob

The blobbyblob is blasted all over the room. There is nothing to eat
unless you have a squeege and a straw.

> quit

Okay, bye!

```
